JAHAZIEL REWORK
Health: 2 red hearts, 1 bone heart
Damage: 4.5
Tear Delay: 13
Shot Speed: 1
Range: 23.75
Speed: 1
Luck: 0
Starting Pickups: none (effectivley 1 golden key and 1 golden bomb; see special #3)
Starting Items: Toothless Key
Special:
*Tears that deal more damage to an enemy than the enemy’s HP will continue on with the remainder (like they do with Polyphemus).
*Increased base chance for limbo deals to open.
*The two chests spawned by Toothless Key at the start of the first floor always drop one golden key and one golden bomb.
*Lower chance of getting golden keys or golden bombs from limbo chests (with the excpetion of the above).
*Normal chests sometimes spawn as limbo chests (stacks with Toothless Key's effect).







THINGS TO ADD TO LIMBO POOLS:
Almond Milk (Primary, common)
False PHD (Primary, common)
Heartbreak (Primary, uncommon)
Contract from Below (Secondary, common)
Blood Oath (Secondary, uncommon)
Vanishing Twin (Secondary, rare)
TMTRAINER (Secondary, rare)

Exploded Firecracker(Trinket, uncommon)
'M (Trinket, very rare)
Apple of Sodom (Trinket, uncommon)
Old Capacitor (Trinket, uncommon)
Panic Button (Trinket, rare)
Blue Key (Trinket, rare)
Torn Pocket (Trinket, common)
Cursed Penny (Trinket, common)



Use Item (limbo): Black Runestone
"Sacrifice your surroundings"
Single-Use.
Destroys all rocks in the room (Rune of Hagalaz effect).
Deals damage to all enemies in room, healing player by 1 for each.
Randomly replaces each heart/key/bomb/coin pickup in the room with blue flies, blue spiders, a black heart, or an eternal heart.
Consumes all pedestal items in the room, giving a random stat boost for each.
Destroys held trinkets, and perminantly applies thier effects to the player (smelter effect).


Item (limbo): Skull's Heart
"More health"
Drops a bone heart, rotten heart, and gold heart on pickup.
Black hearts, Soul hearts, and Half-soul hearts no longer spawn normally.
Half-hearts and Blended Hearts spawn less frequently.
Red Hearts, Bone Hearts, Eternal Hearts, Rotton Hearts, and Double Hearts often drop when other hearts normally would, with nearly equal chance of each.
Gold Hearts rarely replace penny rewards, and frequently replace nickel rewards.

Item (limbo): Toothless Key
"Treasure Awaits"
Spawns two limbo chests at the start of each floor.
Limbo chests have a higher chance of containing golden keys or golden bombs.
Normal chests have a small chance to be replaced by limbo chests.

Item (limbo): Can of worms
"Worms = Power"
Tears have a small chance to have one or more random worm effects.
Tears deal more damage for each worm effect they have.
Trinkets are more likely to spawn as worms.

Item: wip
Taking damage in sacrifice rooms has a high chance to spawn a red chest or limbo chest.
Spiked limbo chest
curse room pool

Trinket (limbo): Red-hot Nail
"Ouch!"
Deals 1 damage to player when picked up.
Tears have a very small chance to have piercing + nail + fire mind.
Chance is 100% for tears fired while i-frames are active.


Consumable (soul stone): Soul of Jahaziel
Converts all chests in room to limbo chests.
Spawns a limbo chest in each corner of the room. Chance for one of these to bring the player to the limbo room is higher than normal.
